= NEWSCM

The newscm branch is the future version of the redmine gitolite plugin which will create a new source control module besides git. With this module both Gitolite and the original Git module are usable.

== WARNING

This version uses a different database format than the previous one, if you switch you should update every project which uses this plugin. The previous version used absolute urls for gitolite paths (/var/lib/gitolite/repositories/anything by default) but this branch uses relative (just "anything"). Also every occurence of "git" type scm should be changed to "gitolite" by a database editor.

== Status

* Gitolite repository management works (users, repositories, even sub-sub-sub-*-projects )
 * Some bug makes neccessary to press save two times when creating the repository but after that it works (doesn't observe create event?)
* Internal repository browser doesn't work yet
* No automatic database migration tool at the moment

= Redmine Gitolite

A Redmine plugin which manages your gitolite configuration based on your projects and memberships in Redmine. Includes Public Key management views (extracted from http://plan.io).

This branch replaces the "git" scm with the gitolite version, making the original available only with manual database edits.

The newscm branch creates a new scm module but currently not fully functional. For more information, see the readme in the newscm branch.

= Installation

You need to have the following gems installed:

* lockfile
* inifile
* net-ssh


you need gitolite installed on the same server, and a gitolite account with write permissions to the gitolite-admin repository to use this plugin

after install run rake db:migrate:plugins to create the plugin's tables


== Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Jan Schulz-Hofen, ROCKET RENTALS GmbH (http://www.rocket-rentals.de). MIT License.

The plugin is distributed under the MIT License

Contributors:

* Christian Kaser
* Zsolt Parragi
* Yunshang Choi
* Joshua Hogendron
* Jan-Schulz-Hofen
* Eric Bishop
* and others
